Miss Wen, please do me a favor
If anything happens to you again
Mr. Lu has to tear down our hospital
Sorry.
Dad?
Don't provoke Lu Caution recently
I can fly like you
The Wang family is long gone
I recently prepared a big play for the Lu family
Just wait and see.
Don't say 8 million
Even 800 million
He has to beg me too
Dad, what are you doing?
Oh, don't worry about it.
Dad, you also saw Lu Jinsheng's attitude last time
He won't give you the money.
Don't mess around
I can't help you with it.
I never counted on you
I've been married for a few years and haven't even laid an egg
If you give birth to a son for Lu Jingsheng
As for what happened now?
Dad?
Haven't the marshals been here?
Mr. Lu Lu has been staying at Mrs. Lu's pace
roll
Go to my aunt Gao
Don't be easy on that bitch
Aerospace
Can you help me with the discharge procedures?
I have to go to my dad's office right now
You are leaving the hospital
Xiaoyan, your body is still very weak
No, I have to.
Mr. Lu has got the surveillance of the box last night.
Would you like to see it for yourself? No
situation
We don't have a girlfriend yet.
Is it possible that you drink a little too much?